= Radar Widget for Smashing

Radar Widget is a widget for the Smashing dashboard framework (https://github.com/Smashing/smashing) to display a static image from NOAA's National Weather Service, updated every n seconds. 

= Configuration

Copy the contents of the assets, jobs, and widgets directories to your Smashing installation. 

Edit the jobs/cameras.rb file to specify which NWS radar station to display. Radar stations are listed here: http://www.srh.noaa.gov/jetstream/doppler/ridge_download.html

Add the following to your .erb dashboard file:
    <li data-row="1" data-col="1" data-sizex="1" data-sizey="1">
      <div data-id="radar" data-view="Radar" data-image=""></div>
    </li>

= License

Radar Widget was forked from CameraWidget:

CameraWidget - A Dashing Widget to display static camera images rotated every n seconds.

Author:: Jake Champlin (jchamplin@thedatacave.com)
Copyright:: Copyright (C) 2013, Data Cave, Inc. (http://www.thedatacave.com/)
License:: 

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.
